API Ownership meeting (9/22 w/ Nat & Sam)

Current initiatives
	Paths
		Move navigations to it’s own RAML
		Other APIs will match existing contracts
	Subdomains
		1. auth for http://flagship-api.lbidts.com/api.html#auth
		2. api for everything else
	Updated Process
		1. Delete release branches
		2. https://confluence.victoriassecret.com/display/VSDP/Flagship+API+Contract+Delivery

Future initiatives & steady state
	1. Using the blog to communicate changes
	2. PRs to help enforce DOs and DONTs
	3. Working with BE to keep everyone happy

devs will do whatever they want, lots of time to take over
people will overthink APIs and try to make them work for crazy other stuff (app, etc.)
make what's needed for the website and go from there
Version 1 can be terrible, later versions should be better

Point people for MGT:
	Spread out across teams (like our RAML files)
	Whoever coded it + Kamal
	Versioning and big decisions: Kamal + FEWD Architecture + me

flagship-api.lbidts.com
Data comes from third parties via MGT
	Account/orders(/Auth?) are outliers (just a webapplication)

New problem is seeing if all of our assumptions were correct once APIs are delivered

opportunity: mock interface that goes to get real data within fabric
	recommend figuring out proxy in fabric (besides charles)
	within fabric, let them browse template by toggling API endpoint
	endpoints should resolve, in another tab, specify mock data or proxy to use

Confluence Flagship API
	Reevaluate whether we need Confluence documentation of APIs
	Consider RAML-Confluence plugin (go through QC or Build Squad)

Make it work
Don't let people's fears come true

Next steps:
	communicate email stuff w/ why's
		because it doesn't make sense
		nav was in website, navs are requested by build job and webapp
		so it makes more sense to have it as its own endpoint
	we have 2 paths (security rules and site)
Recurring meetings:
	none, but start them if needed
	Sam is in charge of timeline
New things:
	partnership b/w Me, build squad, Architecture (scott/anthony), maybe QC
	need to write contract for build job
		tells MGT what they can send us so we can make an HTML artifact
			ex: CMS changes, build these pages
		where and how should we build that contract?
	It's in Sam's list, build squad will probably own it since they can call that job
	FEWD-768
	ask build squad how to make that call
	figure out if we need another repo for build API, or something else

should have set APIs up so that every endpoint is its own repo
	So do that if possible
