Standardize the "page" template (decommission #wrapper, replace with layouts)
elements > components > patterns (variations with regular culling)
how to have different versions/variations/extensions
where do features belong
Extend: multiples break it
Variations: Duplication, inconsistency
Configure: heavy, complex
Is there a time where the context in which a feature exists should influence it?

Decommission #wrapper
Layouts: full-width, group row, grids
Fabric masthead/footer
Subtasks by EOD Friday
I am doing VSDP-28465 - Rich media/content/feature components

Moving things around, filling in gaps (inconsistent documentation)
We should know what can be configured in CMS and code/test to it
Ex: Dynamic text/video/product selection all represent CMS, but have different configuration options view

document what feature overrides exist in Collection/Search
type, name, responsive, configurable

Make a static thing first (no JSON)

Ex subtasks:VSDP-28464

Fabric
Techniques
	extending/embedding partials (markup embedded on page)
	classing (class specifies layout)
Attributes (brand, device, template)
	adaptive (new files for each version)
	responsive (same markup for different attributes)
	variation/subcomponents (conditionally change behavior based on attributes)
Configuration
	CMS sets feature data (video: controls, loop, etc.; dynamic text: copy location, font, etc.)
API
	What you need to use the piece of fabric (JS require/HBS embed)

Each component is a Node package
The abstract is the Masthead
The variation is none/checkout/third-party/etc.

Fill in destinations for non-fabric components


Template: The Page
Layout: Relation to the window
Grid: Relation of content to layout


Feature Breakout Session Questions:
	Are there examples on the site where features are rendered on the FE?
		Carousels are FE using JSON
		DynaText are JSPs except for offers (FE/JSON)
		JSON comes through in pagedata
	Offers in dynamic text
		Should they be separate things?


We are building a landing page that explains the toolkit to the people who use our tools (see framerjs site)
images, dynamic text, video, animated images, etc. (features)
on click, goes to it's fabric
designer must know entire tool set (impossible to tell them in one screen, so we break it into 2)
Prototype:
	ul.grouprow is running the show
	uses em's
	container is owner of relative size
left nav is list of types, right panel is explanation with link to Fabric
Use existing "features" component for page
"Tell UX how to do their job" / "You make products for designers"
material.google.com
Talk to Bridget & Regina to tell them they will provide content
Work
	Phase 1: Landing page to teach UX how to talk to audience
		Nat will send branch w/ parallax work for left nav
			Tell something to be "magnetic" (fix at a certain pixel)
			Make it a component (if it's not already)
	Phase 2: Put configuration into styleguide w/ example
	Phase 3: Look at how the feature works and (refactor?)
	Phase n: Composition of these things, Testing
subtasks
	build features landing page
	build products landing page
ket-dive-005.lbidts.com/cs
Feature types:
	Carousel
	Dynamic Text
	Hybrid
	Image
	Animated Image
	Text?
	Video
See DIVA for config
	Layer Feature Assoc lives above feature
	Go through DIVA and understand setup (meeting w/ CMS team)
	Determine what goes in control panel
	See how things are done in JSPs

Products
	Is PDP a product card?
	Should product selection exist as a state of a product card (see Love List)?
	Set up meeting w/ Parker & Ryan to share our thoughts on Product Cards and attributes that control them
	JSPs
		collection
		love list
		PDP? (and cross sells, and product mixer, etc.)
	FE
		(all certona containers)
		search
		desktop autocomplete
		bra boutique
		bra boutique removals
		multi group pricing bundle


What are all the different variations of PDP?